Create ui-c8y-1021-22-5-fix-application-logs-inner-scroll-7867-graft-release-y-2025-7893.md (#2767)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-22-5-fix-application-logs-inner-scroll-7867-graft-release-y-2025-7893.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed inner scrolling for application logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Scrolling works properly for application activity logs
```

> title: - fix application logs inner-scroll (#7867) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#7893)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed inner scrolling for application logs
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60913
version: 1021.22.5
---

> - fix application logs inner-scroll (#7867) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#7893)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the application logs view, users were unable to scroll through the log content when it exceeded the visible area. This issue has been resolved and users can now properly scroll through the full log content, even if it extends beyond the initial visible section. The improved scrolling behavior allows users to easily review and analyze the complete application logs without any limitations.
```

Reviewer: @rahulc8y What is the application logs view? Is it audit logs?

Reviewer 2: its actually referring to the activity log of applications 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1583c224-78d3-4b4c-bcdc-7f0bc2b1ecd9)

> In the application logs view, users were unable to scroll through the log content when it exceeded the visible area. This issue has been resolved and users can now properly scroll through the full log content, even if it extends beyond the initial visible section. The improved scrolling behavior allows users to easily review and analyze the complete application logs without any limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the **Properties** tab of an application, users were unable to scroll through the activities log content when it exceeded the visible area. This issue has been resolved and users can now properly scroll through the full log content, even if it extends beyond the initial visible section.
```
